"MAINTAINER-checklist"
	$Id: MAINTAINER-checklist,v 1.3 2006/08/21 15:31:33 fang Exp $

For developers, guidelines of things TODO when checking in revisions.  
When in doubt, email one of the maintainers.  

DEVELOPMENT COMMITS:
	make && 
	make check.log && 
	make distcheck.log
		This MUST pass for commits to the main trunk to guarantee
		some sort of stability and functionality at all times.  
		Commits along branches are more forgiving and may allow
		for commits that transiently break things, but such known
		breaks should be noted as such in the ChangeLog entry.  
	src/ChangeLog is the primary source revision log and should be 
		updated with an entry upon every commit.  The new entry should 
		start with the new CVS Tag, incremented from the previous one.  
		If there is no revision in the src/ directory, then just
		note "no source revision" and reference the other locations
		where there was a revision, e.g. test, lib, dox...
		exception: tiny or obvious patches need not be tag-bumped
			but should be re-tagged using last tag (cvs tag-move):
			cvs tag -F <same tag name>
	configure.ac:
		The version date need not be bumped with every commit.
		Occasionally a maintainer will bless a particular snapshot
		with a date-bump, which says that "this snapshot has been
		more rigorously tested than others."  
	ChangeLog: $(top_srcdir)
		This needs to be updated only when top-level maintainence
			files are updated, such as automake, autoconf, 
			configure/m4 scripts, or other organization stuff.


BRANCH CREATION:
	Obviously need to 'cvs tag -b <name>' to create the branch.  
	The branch name must contain the name of the tag from which it is
		derived, for ease of tracking.  
		Also applies to sub-sub-branches.
	First src/ChangeLog entry along the branch should summarize the 
		purpose of the branch.  

BRANCH MERGES: (merging branch-to-trunk)
	CVS Tag: 
		In addition to the tag number incrementing, the new tag on the 
		main trunk should be suffixed with "-merged-branchname-revision"
		to indicate up to which point of the branch has been 
		merged to trunk.  This helps track the status of various
		branches.  
	src/ChangeLog:
		The ChangeLog should state that a particular branch is 
		terminated if no further developement is *intended* along 
		the branch.  

TRUNK MERGES: (mergine trunk-to-branch)
	(hasn't happened yet, write later...)

RELEASE-CANDIDATES:
	(Decide whether or not they belong on branch or trunk.)
	Tag

RELEASE:
	All COMMIT checklist items apply.  In addition:
	If possible, check for the following items in a release-check script.  
	configure.ac: 
		remove the "-devel" string from the version string
			for OFFICIAL releases (none have happened yet).  
		bump the version date to present.  
	branch:
		A release series is isolated from the main development line, 
		thus all revisions relative to a release belong on a release
		branch.  The branch should be named with -RELEASE instead
		of -main-xx...
	shared library versioning: (not applicable yet)
		bump library version numbers, following standard
			library versioning convention (GNU libtool).  
	default AM_CFLAGS and AM_CXXFLAGS:
		turn off paranoid and strict developer flags as the default 
		compile options because users may use untested compilers.
		After release, remember to turn developer flags back on.
	ChangeLog: announce release
	NEWS: announce release

RELEASE-BRANCH COMMITS:
	Release branches will continue to receive bug fixes and documentation
		improvements, but no other classes of source revisions.  
	CVS Tags: (numbering convention)

